updated-screenshots (#1758)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/sumo-distribution-opentelemetry.md

Releases are available to download in the [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/releases).
:::

> 1. Navigate to **Manage Data > Collection** and select the **Open Telemetry Collection** tab. On the top right of the page, click **Add Collector**.<br/>![add-collector-link.png](/img/send-data/add-collector-link.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Manage Data > Collection** and select the **OpenTelemetry Collection** tab. On the top right of the page, click **Add Collector**.<br/>![add-collector-link.png](/img/send-data/add-collector-link.png)
```

Author: @kimsauce Open Telemetry - two words as per the UI.

Reviewer: Oh I see in your screenshot above. I'll have the S3M fix it - this is an error and it appears as one word throughout the rest of the Docs. It's the official industry-wide spelling.
